Okay. Okay. Epipolar geometry is very precise and it works very well. But what you need is you need to start with a left picture and a right picture. and you need to say, "Okay, let's do one pixel at a time. Let's start with a pixel, let's say, in the left picture. Okay, you know that pixel is somewhere out there in three-dimensional space, and you use the epipolar geometry technique, which is to define an image plane, and then to define a what could be called a lens point or a pinhole point and now you can draw a line through the lens or pinhole point let's call it pinhole point your draw line through the pinhole point going from that point in space to the plane the imaging plane that you drew which is "somewhere beyond the pinhole point." So you have the point in space that we're looking at, the first point. You have the pinhole point, and then you have the image plane of the left image. So for a given point in space, you now have a specific point on the image plane in the left image, because it has to be on the line that passes through. the pinhole point for the left image. But this is very key. You have to be able to draw that line. You have to know where in space that point is. So that's the problem. That's the ambiguity. But let me continue. So once you have that line drawn, now you go and do the same thing with the right image. You have, again, an image plane that you draw up on the right image, and then you have the pinhole point for the right image. the right camera and you draw a line from that same point in space through the pinhole point of the right camera which means it passes through the right image plane and it defines a specific point on the right image plane so now those two points are connectable by a straight line when i say those two points i mean the point on the image plane and the left image of and the point on the image plane and the right image, those are connectable by a straight line. And so now you've created a triangle. So you can triangulate the three-dimensional location of that point in space from those two points that you've now created on those two planes. And the line joining those two points is called an epipolar line. And each point in the image plane is called an epipole. Anyway, so by that method, you can say, okay, if I know the points on the image planes, they will triangulate and give me the point in space. And you can do that for every point in space. and therefore you can get the depth coordinates. But the problem is you don't know exactly where that point in space is and to try to draw that line is not so easy. So they give you matrix algebra techniques to do it if you know it and if you approximately know it well you get an approximate answer. So my idea is in addition to doing that, you use our method, which is to say you take the two images, a left image and a right image. You then scan each image to determine the features that are located within them. A feature is a change in intensity that's abrupt. And after you've located all the features, you then start looking at the pixels surrounding each feature to get eight points or whatever to allow you to create a semi or a mini blob. And then you can grow around that mini blob to create a blob so you can actually find different structures of any size within the picture. So you can then do matching of the blobs or the mini blobs or even the landmarks so that you get a pretty good approximation of the matching of the pictures. And I think if you try to combine those two techniques, you greatly increase the accuracy of locating all the 3D points in 3D space in the image. 